added publisher read only mode docs (#5098)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/design/api-security/authorization/publisher-portal-in-read-only-mode.md

# Publisher Portal in Read-only Mode

> A user who has the view/read only permissions can only view the API, API Product and Service details in the publisher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user who has the view/read only permissions can only view the API, API Product and Service details in the Publisher
```

portal and also he/she can review all the analytics related details.

> #### Read Only User:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Read Only User
```

> The user has only the apim:api_view permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user has only the `apim:api_view` permission.
```

> Let's create a read only user and experience the publisher portal in read only mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's create a read only user and experience the Publisher portal in read only mode.
```

> Steps to create a Read only user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions below to create a Read only user:
```

> 1. Create role ex: read_only in admin console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create role (e.g., `read_only`) in admin console.
```

2. Create a user and assign the read_only role to the user.

> 3. Assign the login permission to login to the publisher portal via the admin console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Assign the login permission to login to the Publisher portal via the admin console.
```

> 4. Login to the admin portal and navigate to scope management under the Settings subheading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Log in to the Admin Portal and navigate to **scope management** which is under **Settings**.
```

> 5. Click on the add scope mappings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Add Scope Mappings**.
```

>    Under the Role name please give the Role as read_only(the role you assigned to the read only user).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Enter the Role name as `read_only` (This is the role you assigned to the read only user).
```

6. Click on the Next button.
7. Please select the Custom scope assignments under the select permissions.

>    Check apim:api_view permission under the publisher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Check the `apim:api_view` permission under the Publisher.
```

   ![read-only-user-creation]({{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/api-security/read-only-user-creation.png)

8. Save the changes.

If a read-only user (jane) is logged in to the publisher,she can see the publisher portal as in below.
![read-only-user-publisher-view]({{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/api-security/read-only-api-view.png)

> ex: API detail view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: API detail view
```
